Disable context switcher drop down caret when there is only one option (#1014)
SAP/luigi: docs/navigation-parameters-reference.md

- **type**: boolean
- **description**: if set to `true`, the sub-path is preserved on context switch.

### alwaysShowDropdown
- **type**: boolean

> - **description**: if set to `false`, the dropdown is not shown on click if there is only one option and no actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **description**: if set to `false`, the drop-down is not shown on click if there is only one option and no actions.
```

> - **default**: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **default**: `true`
```
